# IO.Swagger.Model.Vendor
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | The Buyer Account Number. | [optional] 
**Address1** | **string** | The Vendor Address 1. | [optional] 
**Address2** | **string** | The Vendor Address 2. | [optional] 
**Address3** | **string** | The Vendor Address 3. | [optional] 
**AddressCode** | **string** | The Address Code. | [optional] 
**AddressImportSyncID** | **string** | This ID is originally generated by Invoice when an employee requests a new vendor. The Employee Request Vendor Extract provides this value to positively identify the vendor address record when reimporting vendor from the client&#39;s system of record for the Vendor Master List.   | [optional] 
**Approved** | **string** | Vendor Approval Status. | [optional] 
**City** | **string** | The Vendor City. | [optional] 
**ContactEmail** | **string** | The Vendor Contact Email. | [optional] 
**ContactFirstName** | **string** | The Vendor Contact First Name. | [optional] 
**ContactLastName** | **string** | The Vendor Contact Last Name. | [optional] 
**ContactPhoneNumber** | **string** | The Vendor Contact Phone Number. | [optional] 
**Country** | **string** | The Vendor Country. | [optional] 
**CountryCode** | **string** | The Vendor Country Code. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The Vendor Currency Code. | [optional] 
**Custom1** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 1 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom10** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 10 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom11** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 11 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom12** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 12 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom13** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 13 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom14** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 14 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom15** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 15 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom16** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 16 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom17** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 17 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom18** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 18 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom19** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 19 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom2** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 2 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom20** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 20 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom3** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 3 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom4** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 4 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom5** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 5 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom6** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 6 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom7** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 7 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom8** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 8 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**Custom9** | **string** | A value that can be applied to a custom field 9 that is part of the vendor form. | [optional] 
**DefaultEmployeeID** | **string** | The Default Employee ID of the employee connected to the vendor. | [optional] 
**DefaultExpenseTypeName** | **string** | The Default Expense Type tied to the vendor. | [optional] 
**DiscountPercentage** | **string** | The Discount Percentage. | [optional] 
**DiscountTermsDays** | **string** | The Vendor Discount Terms Days. | [optional] 
**ID** | **string** | The unique identifier of the resource. | [optional] 
**IsLineItemVatIncld** | **string** | Line item Unit Price Contains VAT | [optional] 
**IsVisibleForContentExtraction** | **string** | Flag that indicates if the vendor will be available for OCR within Brainware  | [optional] 
**PaymentMethodType** | **string** | Preferred Payment Type for Vendor. | [optional] 
**PaymentTerms** | **string** | The Vendor Payment Terms. | [optional] 
**PostalCode** | **string** | The Vendor Postal Code / Zip. | [optional] 
**ProvincialTaxID** | **string** | The Vendor Provincial Tax ID. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderContactEmail** | **string** | The Purchase Order Contact Email. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderContactFirstName** | **string** | The Purchase Order Contact First Name. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderContactLastName** | **string** | The Purchase Order Contact Last Name. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderContactPhoneNumber** | **string** | The Purchase Order Contact Phone Number. | [optional] 
**ShippingMethod** | **string** | The Vendor Shipping Method. | [optional] 
**ShippingTerms** | **string** | The Vendor Shipping Terms. | [optional] 
**State** | **string** | The Vendor State. | [optional] 
**StatusList** | [**Status**](Status.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaxID** | **string** | The Vendor Tax ID. | [optional] 
**TaxType** | **string** | The Vendor Tax Type. | [optional] 
**URI** | **string** | The URI to the resource. | [optional] 
**VendorBankList** | [**VendorBank**](VendorBank.md) |  | [optional] 
**VendorCode** | **string** | The vendor code of the request. | [optional] 
**VendorFormName** | **string** | The vendor form name this vendor is associated with. | [optional] 
**VendorGroupList** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The list of vendor groups by name. | [optional] 
**VendorName** | **string** | The name of the vendor. | [optional] 
**VoucherNotes** | **string** | Notes sent to Vendor along with authorization to charge Card Voucher. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

